README.md, before:

# Прогресс/План
- план описан в ветке dev\
в файле main.py - незакоменченным\
- ветка **async_pain** - асинхронная работа с бд (search/group, add/group - уже работают, сейчас проблема с использованием абстракции relation в students/add, мб заменю на явный запрос к БД)


# Documentation:
 - each file has **doc-string at top** - short summary
 - /docs, /redoc - auto docummentation for HTTP methods and schemas 

# Frontend image
https://hub.docker.com/repository/docker/albanec7/vr-pharmacy-client/general \
tag for my backend: PATCHED_API_ADDR

- if u want to specify different src API - follow PATCH section in dockerhub repo above 


# Limitations
- OS: Linux-like:\
 due db-driver pymysql has **serious** problems with working on Windows (even after installing it can`t be found)

- browser(for frontend): \
  change default Refferr-Policy to no-referrer-when-downgrade (option 3 in Firefox) to send full Referer Header from frontend (otherwise group_id from client`s url will be not avaliable)  

- python: 3.12.1\

- [recomended] <use venv>

# Start server:
- Linux (WSL) 
  from directory where vr_app module located run (-m - module):\
   python3 -m vr_app.main 

- Windows:\
  serv is accessed via 127.0.0.1:8001 (after port forvarding)


# ------------- TODO PART ------------- 
>> Проброс портов должен помочь с доступам не только через localhost:\
Windows NAT workaround (doesnt works)

create\
netsh interface portproxy add v4tov4 listenport=8001 listenaddress=0.0.0.0 connectport=8001 connectaddress=172.27.166.175

show\
netsh interface portproxy show all

del\
netsh interface portproxy delete v4tov4 listenport=8001 listenaddress=127.0.0.7

Commit message:

found solution for absent groups at Tasks page, updated quests router, some refactoring

README.md, after:

# Прогресс/План
- план описан в ветке dev\
в файле main.py - незакоменченным\
- ветка **async_pain** - асинхронная работа с бд (search/group, add/group - уже работают, сейчас проблема с использованием абстракции relation в students/add, мб заменю на явный запрос к БД)


# Documentation:
 - each file has **doc-string at top** - short summary
 - /docs, /redoc - auto docummentation for HTTP methods and schemas 

# Frontend image
https://hub.docker.com/repository/docker/albanec7/vr-pharmacy-client/general \
tag for my backend: PATCHED_API_ADDR

- if u want to specify different src API - follow PATCH section in dockerhub repo above 


# Limitations
- OS: Linux-like:\
 due db-driver pymysql has **serious** problems with working on Windows (even after installing it can`t be found)

- browser(for frontend): \
  change default Refferr-Policy to no-referrer-when-downgrade (option 3 in Firefox) to send full Referer Header from frontend (otherwise group_id from client`s url will be not avaliable)  

- python: 3.12.1\

- [recomended] <use venv>

# Start server:
- Linux (WSL) 
  from directory where vr_app module located run (-m - module):\
   python3 -m vr_app.main 

- Windows:\
  serv is accessed via 127.0.0.1:8001 (after port forvarding)

# Setup app
Some data supposed to go from external service (todo)
- so to populate Task`s page - go to {BACKEND}/docs 
    and set unacessable data handly at:\
      - post /quests/
      - post /tasks/


# Known frontend`s bug
groups aren`t displayed at Tasks page\
solution: add a quest as described in **Setup app**


# ------------- TODO PART ------------- 
>> Проброс портов должен помочь с доступам не только через localhost:\
Windows NAT workaround (doesnt works)

create\
netsh interface portproxy add v4tov4 listenport=8001 listenaddress=0.0.0.0 connectport=8001 connectaddress=172.27.166.175

show\
netsh interface portproxy show all

del\
netsh interface portproxy delete v4tov4 listenport=8001 listenaddress=127.0.0.7
